how many people were contacts clap that
you do yeah they stink you're talking to
someone and one starts moving around in
your eye I'm taking
lazy eye
let me love me
what is
this is this spot this happy place this
is Toby newest member the crusher family
naturally this is our apartment so far
still mess
my troopers
said he could fix it with laser surgery
so what are you gonna do is imma shine
this light in your tobe tobe click Toby
turn down money again hmm drive going to
look at what he's not a 10
to clean it up wrist and nasal mist home
he's molting right now he's getting all
these little loose hairs on your head
for feathers mother image